# Website-Example
This is one of the projects that I had to create for a class of mine.
All of the pictures and audio files were provided by my instructor at the time. From here, we were tasked with making to start off with a main menu, in my project named "Home.html". We had to give it a color theme and align the appropriate photos in the correct location. There was specific information that was also provided that we were required to include as a sort of fake contact information. A description was required to give an idea of what this fake company will offer for services.
After this file, we were told to include a file for a menu, music, and potential job oppotunities, respectively named "menu.html", "music.html", and "jobs.html". The sidebar menu on each page for quick navigation through this potential website had the code created in the original "Home.html" file and was copied onto all three of these files.
The "menu.html" file is set up much like the "Home.html" file, where everything is set up with just text and the same pictures with nothing special going into it.
The "music.html" file had a little more go into it. In this file, I had to align some pictures at a certain spot to allow space for the appropriate music files to be implemented beside the respective music acts that would be appearing at this place never. Nothing too special goes on, just a little more organizing that the previous two mentioned files.
The final file that was created was "jobs.html". In this file, the usual background was used as with the previous files. The only difference here is setting up the input boxes with the appropriate labels beside them. In this particular version of this project, hitting the submit button will lead you to an error screen but later on a successful submittion screen was implemented.

All of the necessary files for you to be able to see this project as it was to be made at the time of its creation are included. My recommended way to approach navigating it is to launch the "Home.html" file then to use the menu on the sidebar to navigate to the next files as they will automatically be loaded. Enjoy!
